---
title: Virtual Museums
publishDate: 2023-08-26 00:00:00
img: /assets/virtual-museums-preview.jpeg
img_alt: AI generated art exhibit
description: |
  Digital Art belongs in a Digital Museum
tags:
  - Rails
  - Sinatra
  - React
git: https://github.com/hyunho98/virtual-museums
---

Hello! Welcome to virtual-museums! As the world continues to transition from analog to digital, advancements in technology are starting to cause more concern than excitement among human beings. With the recent development of AI such as OpenAI's Dall-E or ChatGPT, many are beginning to fear the loss of the human element in art and literature. Along with concerns of copyright, I believe that part of this fear comes from AI being so advanced that it is hard to tell whether or not a piece of art was completely generated by software. However, I also believe that many people who use this software to create art are not intentionally trying to take away work from artists and are only caught in the crossfire because there is no established market or forum for artficially generated art. That's where virtual-museums comes in.

## Features

Within virtual-museums you can:
- Create, read, update and delete Museums/Artists/Art Pieces
- Define the type of art that an artist creates
- Categorize different kinds of art using different museums
- Create spaces with limited capacity to feature a rotation of artists/art styles
- Create a space for both AI generated and human made digital art

Virtual Museums was built during my time with Flatiron School as a way to practice building a full stack application using a relational database that includes a many-to-many relationship.
